[Music]
Spinosaurus is a predator but one that
hunts in water it's
xef agus a fish eater this is uncle
priestess an 8 metre long giant saw fish
similar to those alive today the so like
rostrum is lined with lethal Barb's and
is in itself up to two and a half metres
in length
it's thought they migrated into
freshwater rivers to breed where the
young may be safer but the adults are
exposed to new threats
[Music]
with their breeding season at its height
these rivers are filled with anka
priestess
it's the perfect hunting opportunity for
Spinosaurus
[Music]
Spinosaurus is conical teeth evolved to
grip prey rather than tear off flesh for
that it needs powerful arms and claws
[Music]
with pre plentiful spinosaurus can
afford to be wasteful fact which other
dinosaurs take full advantage of blue
gums an 8 meter carnivore
anywhere else it might dominate but here
it is dwarfed by Spinosaurus
Spinosaurus is unique with long narrow
jaws and nostrils set high on its head
its teeth were straight and conical they
gave us a clue as to how it killed
more evidence came in 2008 when
spinosaurus skull was put through a CT
scanner it revealed a curious pattern of
holes and sinuses in the snout that
looked just like those of crocodiles
it's thought these contain pressure
sensors sensors that like a crocodile
can detect prey making it perfectly
adapted to hunting in water
[Music]
this discovery gives us our best
evidence of exactly how it hunted
able to hold its snout in the water
because of its high nostrils they can
strike without even seeing its prey
[Music]
you